so I'm in the Kawasaki booth let's check
out what's new so I'm gonna call on my
brother from another mother right here
who do we got Steve at Kawasaki in
Irvine or hick okay so what do you think
if I lost about 20 30 40 pounds you
think we could be brothers anyway Steve
you work with Kawasaki what do you do
I'm in the consumer events division it's
my responsibility to get the show here
and get it set up can you please tell me
about this new ninja behind me sure that
the h2 R as you can see is his Kawasaki
zoo race only version of a supercharged
998 cc Superbike that's in a class by
itself
Kawasaki is in tension with this bike
was to highlight the engineering
capabilities of our parent company
Kawasaki Heavy Industries and in doing
that they they used the expertise and
knowledge of the aerospace division to
assist in the design of the aerodynamics
of the bike and they used the expertise
of the gas turbine division in building
the supercharger and what their
intention was not just to make a fast
bike but also a fast bike that was
stable to ride especially if thinking in
terms of if you hit a bump of the road
at ultra high speed that they didn't
want the bike to get upset such that a
rider could fly off so on and so forth
so you can see that there's wings on the
bike that really aid in the aerodynamics
I understand that at higher speeds the
bike starts to drop down a little bit
it keeps it down keeps it stable the
frame of the bike is what they call a
trellis style frame it was made with
high tensile strength steel designed to
handle the strength of the motor but
also to be flexible enough to to handle
bumps in the road at the ultra high
speed